# Darkscience Code Contest

## Current contest: October 2013 - Game of Life
This DCC will run from October 7th until October 28th.

The current DCC assignment consists of creating a working Game of Life
implementation. You are free to choose any kind of visual representation of the
cells. Your submission will be tested using a glider gun that can be found in
this file and should be able to reach the 100th generation. Preferably your
application should be able to import this file and similarly formatted files,
if it can't then hardcode this exact cell pattern into your application (it's a
64x64 field). Being able to import more different formats or allowing
adjustment of the field within the application earns you bonus credits.

Good luck!

## Summary

The Darkscience Code Contest, or DCC for short, is a contest organized by and
for the Darkscience community. The contest is held on a per-month basis. A new
assignment is given each first Monday of the month and submissions are due
before each fourth Monday of the month. Concrete dates will be present in the
Current contest description.

## General rules
Please refer to `RULES.md`.

## Instructions
During a contest, the master branch will contain all the files related to that
assignment. In order to make a submission, do the following:

   - Fork the master branch of the dcc repository
   - In the `solutions` directory, create a directory with your nickname
   - Work on your solution within that directory
   - When finished, create a pull request against the official dcc repository

If you create your pull request before the contest is over and do not violate
any rules, your submission should be accepted by us into the master branch. As
long as the contest is not over yet, you are allowed to make additional changes
and pull requests, although we'd like to ask you to keep these to a minimum.

Once the judging period commences, the contents of the solutions directory are
moved to a new branch created for that assignment. Winners will be made visible
in master until a new contest starts, afterwards this information will be moved
into the according branch for there to stay.

## Previous contests
This is the first contest!

## Contact
If you have any questions regarding the contest feel free to join #dcc on
irc.darkscience.net:6697 (SSL). Current organisers/judges:

   - Derecho
   - Liothen
